Provided by USConstitution.net
------------------------------

[Note: Repealed text is not noted in this.Version.  Spelling errors have been
Corrected in this version. .For an uncorrected, annotated version of the
Constitution, visit http://www.usconstitution.net/const.html]

We.The People of the United States, in Order to form.A more perfect Union,
Establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for.Commoner
Defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings.Of Liberty to
Ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish.This Constitution for the
United States of America.

Article 1.

Section 1
All legislative.Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of.The
United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House.Of Representatives.

Section 2
The House of Representatives shall be composed of.Members chosen every second
Year by the People of the several.States, and the Electors in each State shall
Have the Qualifications.Requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of
The State.Legislature.

No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have.Attained  the Age of
Twenty five Years, and been seven.Years a Citizen of the United States, and who
Shall not,.When elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which.He shall be
Chosen.

Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among.The several States
Which may be included within this Union, according.To their respective Numbers,
Which shall be determined by adding to.The whole Number of free Persons,
Including those bound to Service.For a Term of Years, and excluding Indians not
Taxed, three.Fifths of all other Persons.

The actual Enumeration shall be made.Within three Years after the first Meeting
Of the Congress of.The United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten
Years,.In such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The.Number of
Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand,.But each State
Shall have at Least one Representative; and until.Such enumeration shall be
Made, the State of New Hampshire shall.Be entitled to choose three,
Massachusetts eight, Rhode Island and Providence.Plantations one, Connecticut
Five, New York six, New Jersey four, Pennsylvania.Eight, Delaware one, Maryland
Six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South.Carolina five, and Georgia three.

When vacancies happen in the Representation.From any State, the Executive
Authority thereof shall issue Writs of.An election to fill such Vacancies.

The House of Representatives shall choose.Their Speaker and other Officers; and
Shall have the sole Power.Of Impeachment.

Section 3
The Senate of the United States shall be.Composed of two Senators from each
State, chosen by the Legislature.Thereof, for six Years; and each Senator shall
Have one Vote.

Immediately.After they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first.Election,
They shall be divided as equally as may be into.Three Classes. The Seats of the
Senators of the first Class.Shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second
Year, of.The second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year,.And of the
Third Class at the Expiration of the sixth.Year, so that one third may be
Chosen every second Year;.And if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise,
During the Recess.Of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may
Make.Temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which
Shall.Then fill such Vacancies.

No person shall be a Senator who.Shall not have attained to the Age of thirty
Years, and.Been nine Years a Citizen of the United States, and.Who shall not,
When elected, be an Inhabitant of that State.For which he shall be chosen.

The Vice President of the.The United States shall be President of the Senate, but
Shall have.No Vote, unless they be equally divided.

The Senate shall choose.Their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore,
In the.Absence of the Vice President, or when he shall exercise.The Office of
President of the United States.

The Senate shall have.The sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for
That.Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the.President of the
The United States is tried, the Chief Justice shall.Preside: And no Person shall be
Convicted without the Concurrence of.Two thirds of the Members present.

Judgment in Cases of Impeachment.Shall not extend further than to removal from
Office, and disqualification.To hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or
Profit.Under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless.Be
Liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according.To
Law.

Section 4
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for.Senators and
Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the.Legislature thereof;
But the Congress may at any time by Law.Make or alter such Regulations, except
As to the Place of.Choosing Senators.

The Congress shall assemble at least once in every.Year, and such Meeting shall
Be on the first Monday in.December, unless they shall by Law appoint a
Different Day.

Section 5
Each.The House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and.Qualifications of
Its own Members, and a Majority of each shall.Constitute a Quorum to do
Business; but a smaller number may.Adjourn from day to day, and may be
Authorized to compel.The Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and
Under such.Penalties as each House may provide.

Each House may determine the.The rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for
Disorderly Behavior, and,.With the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member.

Each House shall.Keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to.Time
Publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their.The judgment requires
Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members.Of either House on any question
Shall, at the Desire of.One fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal.

Neither.House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent.Of
The other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to.Some other Place than that
In which the two Houses shall.Be sitting.

Section 6
The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation.For their
Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out.Of the Treasury of the United
States. They shall in all.Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the
Peace, be privileged.From Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of
Their respective.Houses, and in going to and returning from the same;.And for
Any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall.Not be questioned in any other
Place.

No Senator or Representative shall,.During the Time for which he was elected,
Be appointed to.Any civil Office under the Authority of the United States.Witch
Shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have.Been increased
During such time; and no Person holding any Office.Under the United States,
Shall be a Member of either House.During his Continuance in Office.


Section 7
All bills for raising Revenue.Shall originate in the House of Representatives;
But the Senate may.Propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills.

Every Bill.Which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the.Senate,
Shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the.President of the United
States; If he approve he shall sign.It, but if not he shall return it, with his
Objections.To that House in which it shall have originated, who.Shall enter the
Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed.To reconsider it. If after
Such Reconsideration two thirds of that.The House shall agree to pass the Bill, it
Shall be sent,.Together with the Objections, to the other House, by which.It
Shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds.Of that House, it
Shall become a Law. But in all.Such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be
Determined by.Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting.For and
Against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal.Of each House respectively. If
Any Bill shall not be returned.By the President within ten Days (Sundays
Excepted) after it shall.Have been presented to him, the Same shall be a.Law,
In like Manner as if he had signed it, unless.The Congress by their Adjournment
Prevent its Return, in which Case.It shall not be a Law.

Every Order, Resolution, or Vote.To which the Concurrence of the Senate and
House of Representatives.May be necessary (except on a question of Adjournment)
Shall be.Presented to the President of the United States; and before.The Same
Shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or.Being disapproved by him, shall
Be repassed by two thirds of.The Senate and House of Representatives, according
To the Rules and.Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill.


Section 8
The Congress.Shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts.And
Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common.Defense and general
Welfare of the United States; but all Duties,.Imposts and Excises shall be
Uniform throughout the United States;

To borrow.Money on the credit of the United States;

To regulate Commerce.With foreign Nations, and among the several States, and
With the.Indian Tribes;

To establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform.Laws on the subject
Of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;

To coin.Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and.Fix the
Standard of Weights and Measures;

To provide for the Punishment.Of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin
Of the United States;

To.Establish Post Offices and Post Roads;

To promote the Progress of.Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited
Times to Authors.And Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings
And Discoveries;

To.Constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court;

To define and punish.Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and
Offenses against.The Law of Nations;

To declare War, grant Letters of Marque.And Reprisal, and make Rules concerning
Captures on Land and Water;

To.Raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to.That Use shall be
For a longer Term than two Years;

To.Provide and maintain a Navy;

To make Rules for the Government.And Regulation of the land and naval Forces;

To provide for.Calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the.Union,
Suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;

To provide for organizing, arming, and.Disciplining, the Militia, and for
Governing such Part of them as.May be employed in the Service of the United
States, reserving.In the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers,
And the.Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline
Prescribed by.Congress;

To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such.District
(Not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of.Particular States, and
The acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of.The Government of the United
States, and to exercise like Authority.Over all Places purchased by the Consent
Of the Legislature of.The State in which the Same shall be, for the.Erection of
Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dockyards, and other needful Buildings; And

To.Make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for.Carrying into
Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested.By this
Constitution in the Government of the United States, or.In any Department or
Officer thereof.

Section 9
The Migration or Importation of.Such Persons as any of the States now existing
Shall think.Proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress.Prior to
The Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but.A tax or duty may be imposed
On such Importation, not.Exceeding ten dollars for each Person.

The privilege of the Writ.Of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when
In Cases.Of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it.

No.Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be.Passed.

No capitation, or other direct, Tax shall be laid, unless.In Proportion to the
Census or Enumeration herein before directed to.Be taken.

No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles.Exported from any State.

No Preference shall be given by any.Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the
Ports of one State.Over those of another: nor shall Vessels bound to, or.From,
One State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties.In another.

No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but.In Consequence of Appropriations
Made by Law; and a regular Statement.And Account of the Receipts and
Expenditures of all public Money.Shall be published from time to time.

No Title of Nobility.Shall be granted by the United States: And no Person
Holding.Any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without.The Consent of
The Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office,.Or Title, of any kind
Whatever, from any King, Prince or.Foreign State.

Section 10
No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance,.Or Confederation; grant Letters
Of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit.Bills of Credit; make any Thing but
Gold and silver Coin.A Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of.Attainder,
Ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of.Contracts, or grant any
Title of Nobility.

No State shall, without the.Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts or Duties
On Imports.Or Exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing
Its.Inspection Laws: and the net Produce of all Duties and.Imposts, laid by
Any State on Imports or Exports, shall be.For the Use of the Treasury of the
United States; and.All such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and.Control
Of the Congress.

No State shall, without the Consent of Congress,.Lay any duty of Tonnage, keep
Troops, or Ships of War.At time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact
With.Another State, or with a foreign Power, or is engaged in.War, unless actually
Invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will.Not admit of delay.

Article 2.

Section 1
The executive Power shall be.Vested in a President of the United States of
America. He.Shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years,.And, together
With the Vice-President, chosen for the same Term, be.Elected, as follows:

Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as.The Legislature thereof may direct,
A Number of Electors, equal to.The whole Number of Senators and Representatives
To which the State.May be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or
Representative,.Or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under.The United
States, shall be appointed an Elector.

The Electors shall meet.In their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two
Persons,.Of whom one at least shall not lie an Inhabitant.Of the same State
With themselves. And they shall make a.List of all the Persons voted for, and
Of the Number.Of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and.Certify, and
Transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of.The United States, directed to
The President of the Senate. The.President of the Senate shall, in the Presence
Of the Senate.And the House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the
Votes.Shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number.Of Votes
Shall be the President, if such Number be a.The majority of the whole Number of
Electors appointed; and if there.Be more than one who have such Majority, and
Have an.Equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall
Immediately.Choose by Ballot one of them for President; and if.No Person has a
Majority, then from the five highest on.The List the said House shall in like
Manner choose the.President. But in choosing the President, the Votes shall be
Taken.By States, the Representation from each State having one Vote;.A quorum
For this Purpose shall consist of a Member or.Members from two-thirds of the
States, and a Majority of all.The States shall be necessary to a Choice. In
Every Case,.After the Choice of the President, the Person having the.Greatest
Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice.President. But if they're
Should remain two or more who have.Equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from
Them by Ballot the.Vice-president.

The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors,.And the Day on
Which they shall give their Votes; which.A day shall be the same throughout the
United States.

No person except.A natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United.States, at
The time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall.Be eligible to the Office
Of President; neither shall any Person.Be eligible to that Office who shall not
Have attained to.The Age of thirty-five Years, and been fourteen Years a
Resident.Within the United States.

In Case of the Removal of the.President from Office, or of his Death,
Resignation, or Inability to.Discharge the Powers and Duties of the said
Office, the same.Shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may.By
Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or.Inability, both of
The President and Vice President, declaring what Officer.Shall then act as
President, and such Officer shall act accordingly,.Until the Disability be
Removed, or a President shall be elected.

The.The president shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a.Compensation,
Which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period.For which he
Shall have been elected, and he shall not.Receive within that Period any other
Emolument from the United States,.Or any of them.

Before he enter on the Execution of.His Office, he shall take the following
Oath or Affirmation:

"I do.Solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the.Office of
President of the United States, and will to the.Best of my Ability, preserve,
Protect and defend the Constitution of.The United States."

Section 2
The President shall be Commander in Chief.Of the Army and Navy of the United
States, and of.The Militia of the several States, when called into the.Actual
Service of the United States; he may require the Opinion,.In writing, of the
Principal Officer in each of the executive.Departments, upon any subject
Relating to the Duties of their respective.Offices, and he shall have Power to
Grant Reprieves and Pardons.For Offenses against the United States, except in
Cases of Impeachment.

He.Shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent.In the Senate, to make
Treaties, provided two thirds of the.Senators present concur; and he shall
Nominate, and by and with.The Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint
Ambassadors, other.Public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court,
And all.Other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not.Herein
Otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law:.But the Congress
May by Law vest the Appointment of such.Inferior Officers, as they think
Proper, in the President alone, in.The Courts of Law, or in the Heads of
Departments.

The President.Shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may.Happen during
The Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which.Shall expire at the End
Of their next Session.

Section 3
He shall.From time to time give to the Congress Information of.The State of the
Union, and recommend to their Consideration such.Measures as he shall judge
Necessary and expedient; he may, on.Extraordinary Occasions, convene both
Houses, or either of them, and in.Case of Disagreement between them, with
Respect to the Time of.Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he
Shall.Think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers;.He
Shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and.Shall Commission all
The Officers of the United States.

Section 4
The President,.Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States,
Shall.Be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of,.Treason,
Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Article 3.

Section 1
The judicial.Power of the United States, shall be vested in one.Supreme Court,
And in such inferior Courts as the Congress may.From time to time ordain and
Establish. The Judges, both of.The supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold
Their Offices during good.Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive for
Their Services a.Compensation, which shall not be diminished during their
Continuance in Office.

Section.2
The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law.And Equity, arising under
This Constitution, the Laws of the United.States, and Treaties made, or which
Shall be made, under their.Authority; to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other
Public Ministers and Consuls;.To all Cases of admiralty and maritime
Jurisdiction; to Controversies to.Which the United States shall be a Party; to
Controversies between.Two or more States; between a State and Citizens of
Another.State; between Citizens of different States; between Citizens of the
Same.State claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and between.a
State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or.Subjects.

In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls,.And
Those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme.The Court shall have original
Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before.Mentioned, the supreme Court shall
Has appellate Jurisdiction, both as to.Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and
Under such Regulations as.The Congress shall make.

The Trial of all Crimes, except in.Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and
Such Trial shall.Be held in the State where the said Crimes shall.Have been
Committed; but when not committed within any State, the.The trial shall be at such
Place or Places as the Congress.May by Law have directed.

Section 3
Treason against the United States,.Shall consist only in levying War against
Them, or in adhering.To their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person
Shall.Be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two.Witnesses to the
Same overt Act, or on Confession in open.Court.

The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of.Treason, but no
The attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood,.Or Forfeiture except
During the Life of the Person attainted.

Article 4.

Section.1
Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State.To the public Acts, Records,
And judicial Proceedings of every other.State. And the Congress may by general
Laws prescribe the Manner.In which such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall be
Proved, and.The Effect thereof.

Section 2
The Citizens of each State shall be.Entitled to all Privileges and Immunities
Of Citizens in the several.States.

A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or.Other Crime, who shall
Flee from Justice, and be found in.Another State, shall on demand of the
Executive Authority of the.State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be
Removed.To the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime.

No Person held.To Service or Labor in one State, under the Laws.Thereof,
Escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or.Regulation therein,
Be discharged from such Service or Labor, But shall.Be delivered up on Claim
Of the Party to whom such.Service or Labor may be due.

Section 3
New States may be.Admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new.States
Shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any.Other State; nor any
State be formed by the Junction of.Two or more States, or parts of States,
Without the Consent.Of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as.Of
The Congress.

The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and.Make all needful Rules and
Regulations respecting the Territory or other.Property belonging to the United
States; and nothing in this Constitution.Shall be so construed as to Prejudice
Any Claims of the.United States, or of any particular State.

Section 4
The United States.Shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican
Form.Of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion;.And on
Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when.The Legislature
Cannot be convened) against domestic Violence.

Article 5.

The Congress, whenever.Two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall
Propose.Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the
Legislatures.About two thirds of the several States, shall call a.Convention for
Proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid.To all Intents and
Purposes, as part of this Constitution, when.Ratified by the Legislatures of
Three fourths of the several States,.Or by Conventions in three fourths
Thereof, as the one or.The other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the
Congress;.Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to.The Year One
Thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any.Manner affect the first and
Fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section.On the first Article; and that no State,
Without its Consent,.Shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.

Article.6.

All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption.Of this
Constitution, shall be as valid against the United States.Under this
Constitution, as under the Confederation.

This Constitution, and the Laws.Of the United States which shall be made in
Pursuance thereof;.And all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under.The
Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law.Of the Land; and the
Judges in every State shall be.Bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or
Laws of any.State to the Contrary notwithstanding.

The Senators and Representatives before mentioned,.And the Members of the
Several State Legislatures, and all executive.And judicial Officers, both of
The United States and of the.Several States, shall be bound by Oath or
Affirmation, to support.This Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be
Required as.A Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the.United
States.

Article 7.

The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall.Be sufficient for thee
Establishment of this Constitution between the States.So ratifying the Same.

Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent.In the States present the
Seventeenth Day of September in the.Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred
And Eighty seven.And of the Independence of the United States of America.The
Twelfth. In Witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed our Names.

George.Washington - President and deputy from Virginia

New Hampshire - John.Langdon, Nicholas Gilman

Massachusetts - Nathaniel Gorham, Rufus King

Connecticut - William.Samuel Johnson, Roger Sherman

New York - Alexander Hamilton

New Jersey-.William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan
Dayton

Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin,.Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer,
Thomas Fitzsimons, Jared Ingersoll, James.Wilson, Governor Morris

Delaware - George Read, Gunning Bedford Jr., John.Dickinson, Richard Bassett,
Jacob Broom

Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel of St.Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll

Virginia - John Blair, James Madison Jr.

North.Carolina - William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson

South Carolina.- John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney,
Pierce Butler

Georgia-.William Few, Abraham Baldwin

Attest: William Jackson, Secretary


Amendment 1
Congress shall make.No law respecting an establishment of religion, or
Prohibiting the free.The exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or
Of the.Press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble,.And to petition
The Government for a redress of grievances.

Amendment 2
A.Well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a.Free State, the
Right of the people to keep and bear.Arms, shall not be infringed.

Amendment 3
No Soldier shall, in time.Of peace be quartered in any house, without the
Consent of.The Owner, nor in time of war, but in a.Manner to be prescribed by
Law.

Amendment 4
The right of the people.To be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
Effects, against.Unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and
No Warrants.Shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or
Affirmation,.And particularly describing the place to be searched, and the
Persons.Or things to be seized.

Amendment 5
No person shall be held.To answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime,
Unless on.A presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in.Cases arising
In the land or naval forces, or in the.Militia, when in actual service in time
Of War or public.Danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same.Offense
To be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb;.Nor shall be compelled in any
Criminal case to be a.Witness against himself, nor be deprived of life,
Liberty, or property,.Without due process of law; nor shall private property be
Taken.For public use, without just compensation.

Amendment 6
In all criminal prosecutions,.The accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and
Public.Trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district.Wherein the crime
Shell has been committed, which district shall have.Been previously
Ascertained by law, and to be informed of the.Nature and cause of the
Accusation; to be confronted with the.The witnesses against him; to have compulsory
The process for obtaining witnesses in.His favor, and to have the Assistance of
Counsel for his.Defense.

Amendment 7
In Suits at common law, where the value in.Controversy shall exceed twenty
Dollars, the right of trial by jury.Shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a
Jury, shall.Be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States,.Than
According to the rules of the common law.

Amendment 8
Excessive bail.Shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel
And.Unusual punishments inflicted.

Amendment 9
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain.Rights, shall not be construed
To deny or disparage others retained.By the people.

Amendment 10
The powers not delegated to the United.States by the Constitution, nor
Prohibited by it to the States,.Are reserved to the States respectively, or to
The people.

Amendment 11
The.The judicial power of the United States shall not be construed.To extend to any
Suit in law or equity, commenced or.Prosecuted against one of the United States
By Citizens of another.State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State.

Amendment.12
The Electors shall meet in their respective states, and vote.By ballot for
President and Vice-President, one of whom, at least,.Shall not be an inhabitant
Of the same state with themselves;.They shall name in their ballots the person
Voted for as.President, and in distinct ballots the person voted for as
Vice-president,.And they shall make distinct lists of all persons voted.For as
President, and of all persons voted for as Vice-President.And of the number of
The votes for each, which lists they.Shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to
The seat of.The government of the United States, directed to the President.Of
The Senate;

The President of the Senate shall, in the presence.Of the Senate and House of
Representatives, open all the certificates.And the votes shall then be counted;

The person having the.Greatest Number of votes for President, shall be the
The president, if.Such number be a majority of the whole number of.Electors
Appointed; and if no person have such majority, then from.The persons having
The highest numbers not exceeding three on the.A list of those voted for as
President, the House of Representatives.Shall choose immediately, by ballot,
The President. But in choosing the.President, the votes shall be taken by
States, the representation from.Each state having one vote; a quorum for this
The purpose shall.Consist of a member or members from two-thirds of the.States, and
A majority of all the states shall be necessary.To a choice. And if the House
Of Representatives shall not.Choose a President whenever the right of choice
Shall devolve upon.Them, before the fourth day of March next following, then
The.The vice-president shall act as President, as in the case of.The death or other
Constitutional disability of the President.

The person having.The greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the
Vice-president,.If such number be a majority of the whole number.Of Electors
Appointed, and if no person have a majority, then.From the two highest numbers
On the list, the Senate shall.Choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the
The purpose shall consist of.Two-thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a
The majority of.The whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But.No person
Constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be.Eligible to
That of Vice-President of the United States.

Amendment 13
1. Neither.Slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime
Whereof.The party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within.The United
States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.

2. Congress.Shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
Legislation.

Amendment 14
1..All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and.Subject to the
Jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States.And of the State
Wherein they reside. No State shall make.Or enforce any law which shall abridge
The privileges or immunities.Of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive.Any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process.Of
Law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the.Equal protection of the
Laws.

2. Representatives shall be apportioned among the.Several States, according to
Their respective numbers, counting the whole number.Of persons in each State,
Excluding Indians not taxed. But when.The right to vote at any election for the
Choice of.Elections for President and Vice-President of the United States,
Representatives in.Congress, the Executive and Judicial officers of a State, or
The.Members of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of.The male
The inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age,.And citizens of the
United States, or in any way abridged,.Except for participation in rebellion,
Or other crime, the basis of.Representation therein shall be reduced in the
Proportion which the number.Of such male citizens shall bear to the whole
Number of.Male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.

3. No.The person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or.Elector of
President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or.Military, under the
United States, or under any State, who, having.Previously taken an oath, as a
Member of Congress, or as.An officer of the United States, or as a member.Of
Any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer.Of any State, too
Support the Constitution of the United States,.Shell has engaged in
Insurrection or rebellion against the same, or.Given aid or comfort to the
Enemies thereof. But Congress may.By a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove
Such disability.

4..The validity of the public debt of the United States,.Authorized by law,
Including debts incurred for payment of pensions and.Bounties for services in
Suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shall not be.Questioned. But neither the
United States nor any State shall assume.Or pay any debt or obligation incurred
In aid of insurrection.Or rebellion against the United States, or any claim for
The.Loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts,.Obligations and
Claims shall be held illegal and void.

5. The Congress.Shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the
The provisions of.This article.

Amendment 15
1. The right of citizens of the United.States to vote shall not be denied or
Abridged by the.United States or by any State on account of race,.Color, or
Previous condition of servitude.

2. The Congress shall have power.To enforce this article by appropriate
Legislation.

Amendment 16
The Congress shall have.Power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from
Whatever source.Derived, without apportionment among the several States, and
Without regard to.Any census or enumeration.

Amendment 17
The Senate of the United States.Shall be composed of two Senators from each
State, elected by.The people thereof, for six years; and each Senator shall
Have.One vote. The electors in each State shall have the.Qualifications
Requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the.State legislatures.

When vacancies happen in the representation of any State.In the Senate, the
The executive authority of such State shall issue.Writs of election to fill such
Vacancies: Provided, That the legislature.Of any State may empower the
The executive thereof to make temporary.Appointments until the people fill the
Vacancies by election as the.The legislature may direct.

This amendment shall not be so construed as.To affect the election or term of
Any Senator has chosen before.It becomes valid as part of the Constitution.

Amendment 18
1. After.One year from the ratification of this article the manufacture,.Sale,
Or transportation of intoxicating liquors within, the importation thereof into,
Or.The exportation thereof from the United States and all territory.Subject to
The jurisdiction thereof for beverage purposes is hereby prohibited.

2..The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power.To enforce
This article by appropriate legislation.

3. This article shall be.Inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an
Amendment too.The Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as
Provided.In the Constitution, within seven years from the date of.The
Submission hereof to the States by the Congress.

Amendment 19
The right.Of citizens of the United States vote shall not.Be denied or
Abridged by the United States or by any.State on account of sex.

Congress shall have power to enforce.This article by appropriate legislation.

Amendment 20
1. The terms of the.The President and Vice President shall end at noon on the.20th
Day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives.At noon on the 3d
Day of January, of the years.In which such terms would have ended if this
The article had.Not been ratified; and the terms of their successors shall.Then
Begin.

2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every.Year, and such meeting
Shall begin at noon on the 3d.Day of January, unless they shall by law appoint
A different.Day.

3. If, at the time fixed for the beginning of.The term of the President, the
President elect shall have died,.The Vice President elect shall become
President. If a President shall.Not have been chosen before the time fixed for
The beginning.Of his term, or if the President elect shall have.Failed to
Qualify, then the Vice President elect shall act as.President until a President
Shall have qualified; and the Congress may.By law provide for the case wherein
Neither a President elect.Nor a Vice President elect shall have qualified,
Declaring who shall.Then act as President, or the manner in which one.Who is to?
The act shall be selected, and such person shall.Act accordingly until a President
Or Vice President shall have qualified.

4..The Congress may by law provide for the case of.The death of any of the
Persons from whom the House.Of Representatives may choose a President whenever
The right of choice.Shall have devolved upon them, and for the case of.The
Death of any of the persons from whom the Senate.May choose a Vice President
Whenever the right of choice shall.Have devolved upon them.

5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take.Effect on the 15th day of October following the
Ratification of.This article.

6. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall.Have been ratified as an
Amendment to the Constitution by the.Legislatures of three-fourths of the
Several States within seven years from.The date of its submission.

Amendment 21
1. The eighteenth article of.Amendment to the Constitution of the United States
Is hereby repealed.

2..The transportation or importation into any State, Territory, or possession
Of.The United States for delivery or use therein of intoxicating.Liquors, in
Violation of the laws thereof, is hereby prohibited.

3. The.The article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified.As an
Amendment to the Constitution by conventions in the several.States, as provided
In the Constitution, within seven years from the.Date of the submission hereof
In the States by the Congress.

Amendment.22
1. No person shall be elected to the office of.The President more than twice,
And no person who has held.The office of President, or acted as President, for
More than.Two years of a term to which some other person.Was elected President
Shall be elected to the office of the.President more than once. But this
The article shall not apply to.Any person holding the office of President, when this
The article was.Proposed by the Congress, and shall not prevent any person.Who may?
Be holding the office of President, or acting as.President, during the term
Within which this Article becomes operative from.Holding the office in
President or acting as President during the.Remainder of such term.

2. This article shall be inoperative unless.It shall have been ratified as an
Amendment to the Constitution.By the legislatures of three-fourths of the
Several States within seven.Years from the date of its submission to the States
By.The Congress.

Amendment 23
1. The District constituting the seat of Government.In the United States shall
Appoint in such manner as the.Congress may direct: A number of electors of
President and Vice.President equal to the whole number of Senators and
Representatives in.Congress to which the District would be entitled if it.Were
A State, but in no event more than the least.Populous State; they shall be in
Addition to those appointed by.The States, but they shall be considered, for
The purposes of.The election of President and Vice President, to be electors
Appointed.By a State; and they shall meet in the District.And perform such
Duties as provided by the twelfth article of.Amendment.

2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article.By appropriate
Legislation.

Amendment 24
1. The right of citizens of the United.States to vote in any primary or other
Election for President.Or Vice President, for electors for President or
Vice President, or.For Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be
Denied or.Abridged by the United States or any State by reason.On failure to
Pay any poll tax or other tax.

2. The.Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
Legislation.

Amendment.25
1. In case of the removal of the President from.Office, or of his death or
Resignation, the Vice President shall.Become President.

2. Whenever there is a vacancy in the office.Of the Vice President, the
The president shall nominate a Vice President.Who shall take office upon?
Confirmation by a majority vote of.Both Houses of Congress.

3. Whenever the President transmits to the.President pro tempore of the Senate
And the Speaker of the.House of Representatives his written declaration that he
Is unable to.Discharge the powers and duties of his office, and until.He
Transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such.Powers and duties
Shall be discharged by the Vice President as.Acting President.

4. Whenever the Vice President and a majority of.Either the principal officers
Of the executive departments or of such.Other body as Congress may by law
Provide, transmit to the.President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of
The.House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is
Unable.To discharge the powers and duties of his office, the.Vice President
Shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the.Office as Acting
President.

Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President.Pro tempore of the
Senate and the Speaker of the House.Of Representatives his written declaration
That no inability exists, he shall.Resumed the powers and duties of his office
Unless the Vice.President and a majority of either the principal officers of
The.An executive department or of such other body as Congress may.By law provide,
Transmit within four days to the President pro.Tempore of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of.Representatives their written declaration that the
The president is unable to discharge.The powers and duties of his office. Thereupon
Congress shall decide.The issue, assembling within forty eight hours for that
Purpose if.Not in session. If the Congress, within twenty one days.After
Receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is.Not in session,
Within twenty one days after Congress is required.To assemble, determines by
Two thirds vote of both Houses that.The President is unable to discharge the
Powers and duties of.His office, the Vice President shall continue to discharge
The same.As Acting President; otherwise, the President shall resume the powers
And.Duties of his office.

Amendment 26
1. The right of citizens of.The United States, who are eighteen years of age or
Older,.To vote shall not be denied or abridged by the.United States or by any
State on account of age.

2. The.Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
Legislation.

Amendment.27
No law, varying the compensation for the services of the.Senators and
Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives.Shall
Have intervened.
.